Fix/pan os create address with not existing tags (#26040)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_16_20.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed an issue where the ***create-address-command*** where failed with the *tag* argument on unexciting tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the ***create-address-command*** failed with the *tag* argument on non-existing tags.
```

> Added the *create_tag* argument to the ***create-address*** command to enable creating a new tag in case of non-exiting tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the *create_tag* argument to the ***create-address*** command to enable creating a new tag in case of non-existing tag.
```
